Adding a note to the Limits section (#1569)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/platform/limits.md

Only one Workers instance runs on each of the many global Cloudflare edge servers. Each Workers instance can consume up to 128MB of memory. Use [global variables](/runtime-apis/web-standards) to persist data between requests on individual nodes; note however, that nodes are occasionally evicted from memory.

> If a Worker processes a request that pushes the Worker over the 128MB limit, the runtime may return an error. To review whether this error is linked to memory limitation, go to **Workers** on the Cloudflare dashboard > **Manage Workers** > select the Worker you would like to investigate > scroll down to **Invocation Statuses** and examine *Exceeded Resources*. 

Reviewer: you can link to the Workers section of the CF dashboard using this link: https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers

just an option if you want to include it!

Author: Done :)

> If a Worker processes a request that pushes the Worker over the 128MB limit, the runtime may return an error. To review whether this error is linked to memory limitation, go to [**Workers**](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers) on the Cloudflare dashboard > **Manage Workers** > select the Worker you would like to investigate > scroll down to **Invocation Statuses** and examine *Exceeded Resources*. 

Reviewer 2: I think folks will probably want to know what "return an error" means.

```suggestion
If a Worker processes a request that pushes the Worker over the 128MB limit, and the JavaScript garbage collector is unable to compensate for the increased memory pressure, the runtime may cancel one or more requests to that Worker. To view these errors, go to [**Workers**](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers) on the Cloudflare dashboard > **Manage Workers** > select the Worker you would like to investigate > scroll down to **Invocation Statuses** and examine *Exceeded Resources*.
```

Maybe something like this? I'm not sure how far down the rabbit hole to go, though. For example, "Exceeded Resources" also includes CPU limit exhaustion, and it's difficult to distinguish the two, because increased memory pressure leads to increased CPU pressure from the garbage collector.

Reviewer 3: TBH I don't think mentioning GC/internals here is helpful. 

If there should be clarification or explanation anywhere about the limit exhaustions (and why), it should be presented alongside dashboard information.

"If a Worker processes a request that pushes the Worker over the 128MB limit, the Cloudflare Workers runtime may cancel one or more requests. To view these errors, as well as CPU limit overages, go to ..."

> If a Worker processes a request that pushes the Worker over the 128MB limit, the Cloudflare Workers runtime may cancel one or more requests. To view these errors, as well as CPU limit overages, go to [**Workers**](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers) on the Cloudflare dashboard > **Manage Workers** > select the Worker you would like to investigate > scroll down to **Invocation Statuses** and examine *Exceeded Resources*. 

Reviewer 4: Might want to break this out into a numbered list
